[Music] I do
n't know what this was about but you
're all saying it in the chat and it's true
well first of all of course
remind everyone to subscribe to the channel
if you're getting to know me today
also subscribe to my main channel hub and
oliveira on youtube I just got
blown away you
were marking a clip 20 not
only that requires has uploaded a
video clip where she looks all sexy in the
shower she also uploaded a video
against Dallas that you shut up Dallas
part 1 so we're going to have part 2
[Music]
the thing was almost a month ago Dallas
put Ricky de di as a star for
Kerry Kennedy lately he was
profiting from Dallas' content he
realizes it turns out that requires a
person who has been really hard on him with
Dallas has insulted him a lot that he
wants him to lose his job he didn't
threaten him like I don't know I want to be fourth I
don't remember very well he hadn't
apologized publicly or anything like that he has
always been saying that his
content was a  [ __ ] [ __ ] and now
suddenly he's interested in using that
content and remember that he
apologized and he felt offended if an
apology a little of our apologies a
lot of things happen on the internet that I would have
liked to comment on but about the ritual
of the cool law model and that if we had
bought rights that he didn't want a
super big investment that if it was a lot of
money that everyone pays it and
suddenly I find a video
recommended by youtube to me who
really like normal salsa that jumps out at me
in these things that is dallas responds to that it
grows and the deception of the huai river my
bread and it seems to me that he does like romá
gallardo who from the short videos takes out
8 minute videos the likes to
put ads in them and makes a lot he makes
like series because the
amount of nonsense he says without
having any idea of ​​​​the subject is uncountable I
totally agree with the line to
highlight a series of videos and
profit as much as possible it seems
silly to me not to do it but ricky had not
criticized that on some occasion or
maybe I am confusing you
know that I am a poor grandfather
case of staying supports this video that is
quite likely since  he spends a
lot of his free time looking his
name up on google and youtube he's an
[ __ ] i really liked the answer
dallas gave the other day when I talk
about him being exposed there aren't many people who
want to put him down like he's sick like he's
a sick abscess who starts looking up
his name he seems totally sincere have you never
looked up your [ __ ] name on the
internet to see what you can find because
I have when anonymous how are you not
going to look up your name on the internet
when you're a youtuber to see what
they're saying about you the other day I made a
video on the main channel and many
times given I'm here at night
waiting for the air thumbnails many
times I put them to see what they're
saying about me to see who is
criticizing me what videos they have made I wish
that in the remote case that he ever
answers the typical thing is that it is on
twitter no this that unblocks you puts you
a barbarity and blocks you again
quickly so you can't say anything and
this that makes his argument of the weight be
that fact exhibited to eat the eggs
in full when he is probably one of
the people I have the least personal relationship with
but you always defend him but  I
want to put my foot in it because I'm
speaking live and maybe my
memory allows me to speak but I want to
remember when we were talking with
Ricky and the last time he said that he didn't
agree with the criticism that he
made Dallas or not the girl winning
again Ricky blocks those who comment without
mentioning him very well about Ricky in the
iPod controversy who was he with
Dallas or with Greece or Bulgaria
was he with Greg is exact it's true I say
that he knew the owner of the page and
that I don't know what to do when
practically every contact at every
conference is professional and it would mean
that his arguments would be worthless from
minute 1 the premonition that he will beat around the bush for a
while filling out
Google forms so they try to take down the
video and give me a strike but he will
be super subject to Facebook because
because he doesn't know what it is that well I will
be reacting to public content
that he has posted on YouTube and
basically studying in my opinion and
creating content on top of his so he
can't take down this content and go
Japanese
and how rude [ __ ]  in case anyone
visits seeing me I am stalker 3,418 my
case was recorded for some tweets from 2016
which in fact occurred in the same year 2016
because well my mentality changed
pretty quickly it turns out that the river wine
hispano the river in that
compilation video the super production with a
ton of special effects that for
people the youtubers worth from Spain and
Latin America well this the river wine from
last year was going to be the last because the
production team in charge of
recording and editing it and everything end up
exhausted and very in debt
emotionally all the people who have
participated in the wine of the last three
years not only youtubers
influencers and all this but
technical team editors makeup artists have not
charged a single penny because because there
was no budget if I'm not mistaken
confirmed that he had spent like five
thousand euros out of his pocket to be able to
do it how good five thousand payments in the
pools would go on gasoline food and
staying sleeping in places during the
filming what Dallas said one thing that
I did not realize but that it is very  probably
alex molo with his brother i think he went
with i don't know who to record in andorra with i
don't know how many youtubers he lived with
arriving now you're telling me that he didn't
stay at some youtubers house it was to
sleep because both he and his team
say that last year was the
last because they couldn't take it anymore with the
exhaustion and the feeling of not being able to
pay everyone and back because
apparently more than 60 graphic editors of
3-d people more than 40 people behind
the microphones the cameras with
makeup had to leave
a fortune in rental locations
because they traveled all over spain and
surrounding areas to be able to record with the
maximum amount of youtube possible and
all that for a 15 or 20
minute video reiki mateos has to be done
okay i respect ricky's opinion
and the opinion of everyone who thinks
differently than me out of superstition okay
but there are things in which he
disconnected with the truth okay the
money from last year if he made he says that from the
previous year he demonetized it on for
a little piece  the miner's song is
worth it, done if you claim them you get the money back
at least you get the monetization back and they
leave it to you half and half half for
Chayanne and half for you, okay because it
is not the original money song it is a
parody with the miner's music, okay
then we would also have to see at what
point the copyright of that
song jumped because if it jumped before
uploading it the most logical thing is to try to
fix it before publishing it but most
likely the copyright would surely come out it would come out
later it would
come out at the time of having visits
anyway we have this video look you
see and it requires
counting on that this video they skip
the monetization and will not charge for this
video for the wine river from 2019
counting on that which I doubt he said in
the tiparraco interview that it cost him
6,000 euros to make this video
for Ricky here you have the machine almost
four million views on a
half hour video there you have it recover the six
thousand euros that you do not get a penny
we agree but you do not lose it either
but it is  that in 2020 you have
a video here with two and a half million
views you have another video here with one
million views you have another video here
with almost another million views and that's not it's that you have
the river in spa it's not
and it monetized we're talking about the
10,000 from the donations and he put 5 thousand
you will see that apart from these three videos
announcing the ones here he would already have the
part of the 5,000 that the white river put
had 22 million views Ricky 22
million views on a video of almost
20 minutes let's put it between 20 and 30
thousand euros no Ricky at least 16 16
thousand euros okay Ricky but that's not it's that
you have a video here of
4,200,000 that has also been monetized but they
have another 40 minute video here of
two and a half million and you have another
1,200,000 video here of 50 minutes I would say that
at a minimum these three videos of the
of the outtakes the 'making of'
is another 10,000 ricky edits I would say
that here there is between 30 and 50
thousand euros in monetization or with very little
thirty thousand euros but I would say that it is
closer to 50 thousand last year
they made money we have to be
honest with the truth an anonymous figure
according to what was communicated by the voucher himself that on his
personal twitter he said that he was going to
take care of absolutely all the
expenses of the rewind this year as long as it was
done and whatever he needed
economically without any type of filter he was
going to leave it to him so that the video
was the host the best video of all to
go out to the whole world that they could
have people from Latin America here to
record in person and not be pasting the
photos with the faces to him he communicates this
people discover in anonymous applause the
farmer and that nobody knew and at the same time
some streamers who are going to participate in
the river there are not a lot of
salt channels they begin to say that they have
found out who is the person who has
paid everything and because I have done it a lot of
channels to the pse or not
the salt channel zero that there was an
underlying intention or so it seemed in the
message that the director had sent them is
not worth it by whatsapp to this is
added that the salt channels only that they
generally throw one of truth and 99
of speculation and of things that
superficial sources have told him but that they
are neighbors of the cousin of the sister-in-law
at the same time to the ceo of over there they will be
whatever who Javier and see in the information it is
contrasted and the information is not
given to me by the neighbor's cousin of anything no no no
no it was given to me by one of the streamers
or youtube basic that you never see and who
of course but it was told to me by one of
the fattest people in the world of
youtube and who was of course
invited involved hito the subject I do not
take and release that information in a live
because if risking it has
left me like a clown in fact I did not come across
as a clown the day after I
started to reveal the truth had to come out
to the plunger and from Greece is that I do not understand
why he is saying this nonsense
ricky about you  are you saying that you ca
n't believe it from the toilet channels no
I said it and the next day he had to
come out you believe it next to Allen Molón when
confirming that what I had said
was true but it's that I hear more in
the morning than a live on my
main channel saying in the next few hours
Ricky and Alem or they are going to do a video or
a live justifying themselves and three
hours after I say that by
noon in Greece and at Molo they
will be on Twitter announcing the live
my source is reliable requires or is it the
neighbor of I don't know who of I don't know how much
premier and with me no you never disrespect him
but you don't disrespect me and
Oliveira reveals on his main channel
that it is Ricky him and the one behind
this why because the FBI the blond they didn't
say the name I said it but it's
not that it's that the next day he released
the che like at 3 in the afternoon or 4
saying in the next few hours unions
molo they are going to come out to justify everything and
even play the victim and
obviously that's what happened it requires a laser
palate when I want to talk about sars eo
I'll stop the channels you want but
with this one nobody are channels that need
a title of a thumbnail and the news no
matter how it is completely made up
that if I get into trouble I'll delete it and if I don't
get into trouble well something will form
even if it's few visits because it's
generating look at that really ricky I would
love to have you face to face to
tell you in the face because I like to
tell you things not in a video I would like I would
like to see your face to
answer you on this I'm going to put again
the [ __ ] that you just
said that anyway they are channels that
need a title of a thumbnail and
the news inside does
n't matter point number one they are channels that need a title of a thumbnail the chocas equal to rick and eddie at 40 years old the quotes derrick a girl who sucks microphones gets mad at me a girl from orly fan and dallas I don't know what albertito
98 dallas has given me a strike the
biggest ego of tweets requires  you don't
need a title and a thumbnail
what the [ __ ] are you doing
right now in this video that we're
making ricky eddie you asked
dallas permission to let you mention
the videos and you said it would be
great if he gave me permission because I get
a lot of content dallas videos in
the past for you dallas videos
dirtied the community now you
need that content to fill
content in tweets but i'm going to
answer you also on this second point
this nonsense how do you know completely
made up that if I get into trouble I
delete it and if I don't get into trouble well there
will be ways although we are visiting
for this general go to the bakery
the colored nose here javi oliveira gives the
information
javi oliveira contrasts the
daily information oliveira is wrong because javi
oliveira is not me even though he is
tremendously handsome attractive and funny
when javi oliveira makes a mistake he makes
a video rectifying the information
ricky and when he insults threatens and
slanders he erases the queer and pretends like
nothing happened and that's what you
did with  your tweets insulting
dallas threatening him saying that you would
like him from the teeth and all
the tweets we were seeing the other day
that were disgusting you still have
a lot to grow and you have to
think about your life a lot to get to the
level as a person and as a professional and
as a youtube in which xavi oliveira has
many differences between you and me
but javi oliveira rectifies when he is
wrong so that people who continue to know
life is well informed and that makes
javi oliveira tomorrow
when he gives out information people
trust him like what happened the other day with
grave ricky ed and you are a potato chip
from twist he already knows content and when he
screws up he deletes it and acts like it doesn't
exist so these words
describe you not me in champion they
started saying that the super creator
that everyone wanted is going to pay for
the haina river anonymously and without any
interest so that the community could
have its red wine this year was that it
is adding details like the
total cost of the wine river and it is going to be between 10 and
20 thousand euros that  we could only pay for
all of what you're buying,
remember that he has asked for an exclusivity
of a whole day so that no one can
react and broadcast it or hang it up or
do anything to me during the first day
that he is going to take all the success that has
been a marketing campaign to
become richer than the day after
everyone exploded griffith alec ballo
do a live explaining their reasons
or their point of view of why things had
distorted so much and why they
were not exactly as people were
saying as I personally know
almost nothing about either side I am not
going to take a position I am simply going to say
that not everything that either side has said has to
be true we will
never know that in that live and
cool reveals that the ideal
idyllic amount for a rewind to come out in
conditions and be perfect and that
well apart from covering the
basic costs of transportation accommodation
etcetera people get paid at once that
apparently when molloy told him
this great face a few months ago he told him
yes without problems that he could put the
amount while Rennes was going to
do but since it is going to  put that
incredible amount of money or 100
150 thousand payments with everything that is
watching the video we have them you could
spend them on a project now because if
for a video to come out to divert
attention from the problem to what they
want to divert it Greece the plunger that is what is
going to be required in this video
requires red win hispano from 2019 it
cost seven thousand Ruben Hispanic
last year it cost him 15,000 and he recovered the
biggest thing whatever he says and if you believe
the words of a guy who a few
months ago was selling some
old headphones telling his followers
that they were Apple ones you are missing a
potato for the kilo that can be done
[ __ ] great with 150 thousand but expensive and
surely with 500 thousand it is done better
but you know what happens that should have been
said from the beginning
from the statement hey it is going to be
done we all agree
with Greece if it is done exclusively on your
channel the hidden so that no one would refuse to
participate the amount that the
Huai Da river will cost  maybe the point is that he
tried to deceive the others into
throwing us back, which one would he
like since he has paid for everything, that he was
so involved in the project,
let's go, he has paid for it in full, his
hypocrisy is beyond him, he criticizes those from
sal seo and others, alex for publicly and they do
not even mention that greece had been with
high peace for days, the pse or when promoting it without
contacting those affected, in private he does not
contact him, that they had been
writing the script for three weeks, that he was not
going to contact them, that the person who
told me is a firsthand source
and he clearly told me that he believes and the
other one did not want to tell it and to the fbi, which
I have never in my life spoken to for the
fbi, the fbi was not the one who told me, the
fbi spoke with alex molón and began to
ask him and alen bolón gave him the runaround and did
not want to tell him that they had been
writing the script for three weeks, how are you going to
write the script without having told
that detail to the participants to
know if they are going to continue forward,
backwards that they are both filthy, the
first  in broadcasting it so that the first
time that video was seen worldwide
it would be on his channel but that
instantly after finishing on
his channel it is summarized on the
official channel of the long team as it has been done
every year, let's keep in mind that with everything
that has happened all that there was on the
networks that
practically everything had already been discovered and tormos is like
very pissed off congress there were several of the
big youtubers on the platform who
offered to pay them too like
look man let's get together a few of us who
are well placed put money
and we can make a video of the
same conditions gemita herself said what do you
think she wanted to put a counter and
she said what do you think she had screwed up it
would be she had planned this how it was going to
be direct let's try to get together now
because alex said that
the year is practically ending and he needs to
start giving shape to the script, meaning that
the
king wine project for this year is not even finished yet and with
so many versions so many numbers so much
money so many people with so many
followers giving their opinion on the
subject and so many salsa channels that
have been waiting for years for this
golden moment to be able to throw [ __ ]  of the
youtubers only streamer that the
scheme blah blah blah you can tell me this
in this video he is doing the same thing with
datero why am I going to wait a year
to throw [ __ ] at him on youtube that I
dislike if I have content every
day and there is karim these days
telling me to give him the ear because half
of what he puts on me I don't treat because I don't have
time let's see riccheri I don't know
what you want to achieve with greg but do you
think I have to wait
a year to comment or make a
critical video agres I don't have time for
half to pass I have made another mistake the
boy requires if I defended chagres
even when he grabbed the microphone and
shot each other with duck broth his followers and
I what did you find funny and wonderful
ricky that ricky he and he started
reacting to a video of mine now I remember
ricky he and he started reacting to the video
that I made him to believe that it was a video
that when adding it gave a lot because he
tried to tyrant he didn't knock it down and then I
had to recover it in the video I
criticized what it seems to me  a lack of
respect for a streamer with 40 50
thousand viewers to take the microphone,
put it up his ass and fart, a
broth please, what can people be
eating while in your life, God, it is a
lack of education at hand if you are in
elementary school then it is done thanks to a fart
and what a discovery people have
gas but for anyone
over 15 or 14 it is a lack of
education and that I defended him and even
that, the only thing you needed was a younger girl, the
worst and I don't dislike him what I do think is that he
skates but since I practically don't
know him I don't consider that I dislike him and
now the part that everyone was
waiting for is saying absolute
[ __ ] about the subject, coming across as
completely ignorant in the next
video, which is that look at the minutes and the
complaint what is the problem is
that cameras, I don't know what happens in the
cameras you already have them, the drones you already
have them why does this assume that he already
has them and that as if it were not bought in
white typical drop mode I
have nothing against you it applies I
promise you I do not have  nothing against
you gesture ricky ricky see this is
alex molon's production company he works for
valencia fc i think this was
recorded with drones riccheri i don't think he
recorded it the women of the
incredibles stretching their arm the
san miguel beer commercial this i imagine
was recorded with drones ricky from
the ring cameras from last year it's not
worth it he has to buy new ones
for that buy a new camera every
time he does a film project it
requires films ricky is one of two
this scene is being recorded with drones
or he hooks a cell phone an iphone to a
seagull why suppose that a
production company has drones i think he
put a water to a pigeon i
think he hooks a pigeon to an
iphone in the part don't see then to
take the pigeon off the iphone host
for the same reason this was recorded with a
camera too no the thing about assuming that these
people a production company have cameras is that these
are things that they assume for the
face of the contract that pigeon has some
spectacular shots let's see here he has a
team of people that  I imagine they'll
charge for usage
don't touch my dick don't touch my
dick are you telling me that apart from
being a production company that you can hire
to make movies and ads, they rent
drones, cameras and
cinematographic equipment you're [ __ ] up my
[ __ ] life ricky and that they also rent
walkie talkies you can rent drones
riccheri look you can rent some lights
that you're missing looking forward to seeing your second
part of the video required looking forward to seeing your
second part of the video dallas skating
and what are you doing acrobatics in the circus
come on churra a kiss and upload the second
part ketchup crazy to see the mother of
god
[Music]
and no